so on POS is constructed with four main
pages sales appointment customer and
admin first we'll take a look at the
customer page customer page is divided
into two sections the section on the
Left contains the list of all customers
and a section on the right shows basic
information of selected customer from
the customer list customers promotional
information and basic personal
information such as date of registration
contact information and transaction
histories are included in this section
now let's take a closer look of this
page in order to serve our customers in
timely manner we first have to locate
the customer on the system as quick as
we can
there are two ways to find a customer
from the customer list the first is to
search by the name you can simply type
in the first name of the customer
another way is to search by the last
four digits of the phone number that the
customer provided at the time of the
registration and if more than one name
comes up under the number you can select
the one that matches your customers name
when the name is selected from the list
the basic information of the particular
customer will appear on the section next
to the list it will show the full name
and the customer the first and last name
the promotional information of the
customer is placed right below the name
and it indicates the level of the
customer whether they are considered to
be a VIP Gold Class or something else
this helps you to pay extra attention to
your valued customers soon as they check
in sales reward points are also posted
up right next to the members class if
your salon is participating in rewards
system by sales if you look at the next
line you will see a visit stamps
customers will be receiving a stamp at
each visit and you can use this function
to offer promotions such as one free
service per ten stamps next is the basic
contact information of the customer you
can save customers home phone number as
well as a cell phone number and email
address the system will automatically
remember the date of the last visit and
the date of initial registration of a
customer for follow you can also save
customers information such as birthday
and wedding anniversaries and include
memo about customers preference to
personalize your service in transaction
history section you can expect to find
customer sales analysis which include
lifetime sales amount and every sales
amount per visit and automatic
visitation cycle calculation automatic
visitation cycle calculation not only
helps you to know the visit cycle of a
customer but it also helps you to be
aware of the number of days passed from
the customers expected date of return so
you can follow up with the customer
each customer's freckling use service
and their favorite service tag where
stylists are also being recorded in this
section last but not least you can see
the detailed transaction history simply
by clicking on more button